Mutation1  - Conductors of Magic: When drawn, magic, unique and witcher swords increase
             Sign damage by 50% of their own damage. (Requires Piercing Cold)
			 
			 Modded: the same.


Mutation2  - Magic Sensibilities: Signs can deliver Critical Hits. The crit chance and
             damage scales with sign intensity.
			 
			 Modded: calculations redone.


Mutation3  - Vanilla:
             Bloodbath: Each fatal strike of your sword triggers a finisher or
             dismemberment, and every blow you land will increase your Attack Power by 5%
			 (up to a max of 250%) until either the fight is over or you take damage.
			 (Requires Deadly Counter)
			 
			 "We kinda forgot we already have Wyvern Decoction..."

             Modded:
             Each fatal blow of your sword triggers a finisher or dismemberment. Upon entering
			 combat you immediately get a bonus to your Attack Power for each skill equipped:
			 +10% for a combat skill, +5% for any other skill. Getting hit decreases the bonus
			 by 0.5% per 1% of health lost. Killing an enemy fully restores the bonus and adds
			 +20% more on top of it. Max bonus: 250%. Resets at the end of the combat.

Mutation4  - Vanilla:
             Toxic Blood: Whenever you take damage the attacker receives 1% of the damage
             they inflicted for every point in your Toxicity level.
			 
             Toxic Blood's description is misleading: it's not a damage, but a DoT effect
			 that lasts for 5 sec and deals 0.001 * damageReceived of direct damage per
			 second. The effect doesn't have hp reduction strength for some reason.
             Mutation4BloodDebuff for vampires - also adds 20% stamina regen penalty and
			 2000 pts essence regen penalty for 15 sec.
			 
			 Modded:			 
			 Turns the blood of the witcher into a highly caustic acid. Toxicity Decay Rate
			 is decreased by 50%. Whenever you take melee damage, your blood causes the
			 attacker to lose 1.5 point(s) of their health for every 1 point in your
			 Toxicity level per second. The effect lasts 5 sec. Slows down the attacker's
			 stamina regeneration by 10%.


Mutation5  - Vanilla:
			 Mutated Skin: Each Adrenaline Point decreases the damage you take by 10%
             (max 30%). (Requires Euphoria)
			 
			 Modded:
			 When you are about to take damage your skin absorbs and redistributes that damage
			 over time instead: 5 sec per each Adrenaline Point you have (up to 15 sec max,
			 at least 1 point is required to trigger the mutation).
			 During this period your Adrenaline is drained at a speed of 1 pt per 5 sec. If your
			 Adrenaline reaches zero before the effect ends, all the remaining damage will be
			 dealt at once.


Mutation6  - Piercing Cold: Aard gains a 30% (now checked against victim resistance to
             frost) chance to freeze opponents, and if the blast also knocks them down it
			 will kill them instantly. Enemies who escape the freezing take 250 damage
			 instead (scales with sign power). (Requires Magic Sensibilities)
			 
			 Modded: numbers tweaked, code adjusted.


Mutation7  - Adrenaline Rush: When starting combat against more than one enemy, Attack
             Power and Sign Intensity increase by 30% for every additional opponent for
			 the first 30 seconds, after which they drop by 10%. (Requires Bloodbath and
			 Piercing Cold)
			 
			 Modded:
			 While in combat you alternate between two states: Rush state that doubles your
			 Adrenaline gain for 30 sec and gives additional +50% to 
			 Attack Power and Sign Intensity per Adrenaline Point and Recovery state that
			 halves your Adrenaline gain for 30 sec and gives -50% to the same
			 characteristics for each Adrenaline point gained during the Rush state.
			 
Mutation8  - Vanilla:
			 Deadly Counter: Sword attacks deal 20% more damage to monsters or to humans
             immune to counters. For all other enemies, performing a counter when they're
			 at 20% Vitality or less will trigger an automatic finisher.

             This shit exists only because counters are useless in the base game!
             GM Counterattack is +100% to power, +100% to crit chance and
             15 knockdown chance for full adrenaline.
			 
			 Modded:
			 Countering an enemy when their health is at 15% or less kills
			 them and triggers a finisher or dismemberment. Each adrenaline point increases
			 the damage dealt when countering by 33% (up to +100% max).


Mutation9  - Cat Eyes: +125% crit power and +25% to crit chance, bolts will either pierce,
             stun, or knock down opponents. Foes at full health will take 15% * maxHP
			 damage when shot. (Requires Bloodbath and Euphoria)
			 
			 Modded:
			 Crossbow bolts deal 100% more base damage and will pierce and either stun or
			 knock down opponents.
			 Opponents at full health lose 15% of their health when shot.
			 If at non-zero toxicity, time slows down by additional 25% when aiming with
			 a crossbow.

Mutation10 - Vanilla:
             Euphoria: Each point of Toxicity increases sword damage and Sign Intensity
             by 0.5%. (Requires Toxic Blood)
			 
			 Modded:
             Increases Vitality drain on overdosing by 0.75% for every 1 point in your
			 Toxicity level.
             The amount of Vitality you lose when overdosing is added to your base weapon and
			 Sign damage.


Mutation11 - Second Life: If your Vitality hits 0 you recover 100% of it and gain brief
             invulnerability. The effect has a 3 minute cooldown. (Requires Adrenaline Rush)
			 
			 "We kinda forgot that we already have Undying..."

			 Modded:
			 Life Leech: Requires Mutation Catalyst potion to activate. Drains the life out of
			 up to three surrounding enemies healing the witcher in the process. Drain rate is
			 a sum of your weapon damage, Attack Power and Sign Intensity multiplied by
			 Adrenaline Points and divided by the number of enemies. The effect lasts for 6 sec
			 and can only be activated once per 120 sec.

Mutation12 - Metamorphosis: Critical effects on enemies will activate a random decoction
             (to a maximum of 3) from your supply for 2 minutes at no Toxicity cost, and
			 as a bonus it also improves Witcher Sense in dark areas. (Requires Cat Eyes)
			 
			 "We kinda forgot that we already have Side Effects..."
			 
			 Modded: Allows to imbibe up to 3 decoctions with no toxicity cost. Each free
			 decoction imbibed increases your chances to apply critical effects with both
			 swords and Signs by 10% (effect chance increases by 1.3 times max). Witcher
			 Senses help you see better in dark places.


Berserker:
Attack and Sign Power are doubled. Attacks cannot be blocked or parried. Critical effects from signs
are always applied. Activated with Catalyst potion. Lasts 10 sec.

Overdose heals instead of doing damage.
